you want to adopt the pet it's a
wonderful thing to do you want to have
your own little pet rabbit yes but this
one we need some good advice they can
give you make mistakes in terms of the
lifestyle so who's the guy was who's the
woman with Cesar Millan right now who's
that
good morning I see we have the one in
Ali's Cesar Millan yeah we're here in
Rancho Cucamonga at this beautiful
Adoption Center
I mean it's a county shelly back yes
let's get into the pack okay so Steven
while I remember no touch no talk no eye
contact get walking
that's exactly she did it mommy when I
came here nobody came out there you go
okay so yes come in when you come into a
kennel you have to understand that the
doors are very important all right so
yeah so you have to learn to block and
make sure that nobody's coming out that
fast as you come the quicker they move
right not because you're coming faster
you're gonna control the situation
it's about being calm and assertive so
now we're introducing ourselves to a
pack of dogs most of them I like a
little chihuahua what you're seeing here
is a lot of happy-go-lucky you get to
see some a little bit in the dominant
side and and some a little bit nervous
and he's escape artists yes he's still
trying to escape yeah so that's the main
thing when you're looking to adopt a dog
yes I always I thought you're supposed
to put your hand out - no you don't have
that you don't have to just just provide
the scent you know just calm down you're
gonna see a lot of dogs if someone this
is a very common interpretation where
people say oh he likes he loved he chose
me he loves me I picked this one but
this one what he actually doing in a dog
world he's just respecting the
boundaries I see did you get some
studios let me know look at how cute
they are and they're listening they're
curious about you I'm not denying the
love and the charm you have but I'm just
other side ground house madam
all they're actually competing for you
so that's Dominus infection thank you
shoot that because that's exactly what a
lot look she just needed a fight what
people interpret with love is often
instance respect from a dog okay you
know what we have so many more helpful
tips these are coming up in the next
hour we're gonna get inside the shelter
and show you what you need to do and
what you need to know in order to adopt
the right pet regard the adoption right
from the from the beginning the right
way there you go okay more in a little
bit thank you thank you bar thank you
very much talk about Caesar all the time
and how he kind of like put a spell over
Ralphie when he was here that day I
remember that yeah yes okay welcome back
so maybe you want a pet but you're not
sure how to find one that fits your
lifestyle it's a very big choice so Mari
vet is in Rancho Cucamonga with the one
and only
Cesar Millan who knows a thing or two
about this stuff right Mar Cesar can
hear you so you can talk directly desert
look at this little bit rounded by bit
so now we went from the chihuahuas to
the Pens yeah now we're in the danger
zone not really Cesar let's talk about
this we're here in the Inland Empire and
recently you know there was a mauling in
Riverside County they do that people are
you know afraid of pit bulls and some
are saying they should eradicate the
breed entirely and others are saying you
know what let's let's pass a law to just
sterilize all very lies that's great so
you support that I support that you know
we have enough our population of those
right now we are euthanizing 4 to 5
million dogs a year that's you know so
that's something that we have to do you
know as a dog lover we have to do
something about it but you're surrounded
by pit bulls right now so this is the
other side of the of the bid you know
the unfortunate news that you just tell
me right now it's a sad thing as a as a
pet as a dad I don't want that to happen
but my kids were raised around powerful
breeds and there is a problem so one of
them one is what is something that
people can you know learn or keep in
mind when they are coming to a shelter
like this for instance and they're
interested in a doggy and potentially a
pit bull but you know they're a little
bit off by look at the side face look at
that face
we come to a shelter you have to
understand they're disoriented they
don't know what they are so there's a
level of frustration that's going to
happen so do not evaluate or judges
because they're in the shelter just make
sure you bring it out you know the the
the shelter people can can tell you more
about that so you see a lot of dog in it
so it's it's not it's not always the
breed let's be smart about it let's
don't exterior your type you know is it
because they're so strong that's why
there's a lot of problems with them well
it is there is a strength but at the
same time you if you redirect that
energy you can make them extremely
lovable look at that I love them
all right Cesar we're gonna get inside
the chipper again and maybe visit one of
the kennels and find let's do it
you know actually see more like and get
some more helpful tips on getting the
right doggie for your lifestyle all
right you guys are sending it back to
you
Thank You Maura I'll never forget what
Cesar said to us we brought our dog
Ralphie in and he had his pitbull and my
husband's had all our dogs afraid of pit
bulls and he said no you're afraid of
pickles like a whole different mentality
and so so we're not afraid of you you
little Terrier face